Democratic Jianguo, as I said
I don't accept moral kidnapping
I also said
A poor man's bone.
Just kneel down and apologize
If everyone were like you
Kowtow and apologize and take it
How can there be such a good thing?
Long meaning, right?
Good leader
As long as you don't take me to erase my daughter's innocence
And let's check the grades today
Let you wait for me
Let me do anything
Anything will do.
OK
Then I will ask that you are a clan law
Sea of swords and fire
Lin Jianguo, if you can hold on
It means that your ancestors are helping you
I won't say anything.
If you can't stand it
Then life and death
Can't blame others
I accept
Dad, you are not in good health
That sea of swords and fire will kill people
No, I don't firmly disagree with letting you go
It doesn't matter if we make us emperor
It doesn't matter if you don't let me check the car records
I had no reputation
I don't want anything.
Let's go now
Dad can't do it
Didn't make any money
Cowardice made you suffer for me
You are still young
Maybe you don't know what 1 million means
There are a lot of people who never make 1 million
Dad must help you get it
Father in the world
Who wouldn't want their daughter to have a better life?
Dad can hold on
village chief
Shangjia law
Sea of swords and fire
Miezurezong
on
Lin Jianguo, the 77th generation descendant of the Yin family
Cultivating the wicked is stable
Moral corruption
Man and God are angry
The new ancestral family law
With filial piety
Lin Jianguo Shangdao Mountain
Village Chief, don't let my father be subject to family law
We're not going in, we're not going to private him, village chief
Please add ancestors
What a big deal
Did you think I was kidding you?
Pull me away
Dad don't go dad dad I don't want to
No.
Dad, don't go anymore dad
Dad don't want me, don't go anymore
Dad?
Ahhhhhh
Uh-huh.
Something big happened to the leader
What could be big?
The results of the Olympic trials are in
Here comes the weightlifting program in our province
Here comes a genius who breaks the Olympic record
In Beiyang City
Little sister reluctant to part
Breaking Olympic records
Quickly call Beiyang TV Yes
What!
The genius who broke the Olympic record appeared
In we are
What a world record-breaking genius
In our county
Hello
What!
The genius who broke the record for staying up late is with us
Right in Linjia Village
Little plum, hurry up, hurry up
Bring my old three
Arrive at Linjiacun within 10 minutes
Us?
You must be the first to see this precious genius
Go go go
Ah!
Yeah.
We can hold on
Lin Jianguo, don't play dead!
It's not over yet
If you have the guts, stand up for me
I'm going for my dad
Halfway through the addition
How can there be a replacement knife?
Hold him down for me
Lin Jianguo, have you ever been in this sea of fire?
Dad?
Captain, I have passed this knife mountain
If I go through this sea of fire again
Please help my daughter wash her body
Let him get the treatment he deserves
So much crap.
Let's go
Dad?
Dad, don't scare me
Didn't you say you wanted to fuck me?
Lin Wenwen is still talking big here
I am the only one who can make the Lin family shine
I am the Nine Heavens True Dragon
You're just a stinky area in a cesspool
You're still overreaching here
I'll tell you what.
If you can give the Lin family glory
Me and my dad and my mom
Right here, up the mountain of knives and down the sea of fire
Wu Jianlong
Don't play dead.
Kind of stand up
This sea of fire is not over yet
Big event!
The great event
Someone in our village is on the shortlist for the Olympics